#summary Instructions for installing WebText for Android
#labels Featured,Phase-Deploy

In order to install WebText, you must first install iJetty.  This can be accomplished by downloading the iJetty .apk file from this site and then using adb to install it.  

*It is imperative that you use the iJetty apk provided from this Google Code page as it has additional permissions required to access the SMS message databases*  It is possible to download iJetty from the source at [http://code.google.com/p/i-jetty/] and rebuild it with the appropriate permissions.  Just as it stands, the apk provided there will crash due to insufficient permissions when attempts are made to read/write to the SMS database or send an SMS.

After downloading the file, navigate to the directory you downloaded it to.  Assuming you have adb in your path, you can execute the following command
{{{
adb install <.apk file name>
}}}

or alternatively
{{{
adb -s <emulator name> install <.apk file name>
}}}

In order to install a .war file to the iJetty installation, it must be available over HTTP.  If you do not have a server available, you can use the file hosted here by using the following url:[http://webtext-android.googlecode.com/files/web_text.war]

Once iJetty has been installed, start the program by clicking on the iJetty logo in the application dock.  Click 'Download' and enter the url to the war package as well as the context.  For instance if you use _my-app_ as the context, your application's root path will be _http://path-to-your-phone/my-app/_.  Click 'Download' and iJetty will automatically download and install the war file.  Unfortunately, hot swapping is not currently supported so iJetty will have to be stopped and started again before the application is available.  Use the 'Back' button to return to the control panel, click 'Stop Jetty' and then 'Start Jetty' once you have confirmation that it has been stopped (you receive a toast and the notification at the top disappears).

Your application is now ready to use.